.\"
.Dd April 08, 2016
.Dt hfrob 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm hfrob
.Nd frob the hobknobbin good
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl bhv
.Op Fl e Oo key Ns Oo =val Oc Ns Oo ,key Ns Oo =val Oc Ns ,... Ns Oc Oc
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Nm
tool allows you to frob the hobknobbin of any given furzzl in such a
matter that it can be qualified as 'good'.
It does so by druggling the shnuzendorb under the porcl.
.Sh OPTIONS
The following options are supported by
.Nm :
.Bl -tag -width e_key=val_
.It Fl b
Also brunz the strocl.
See section
.Sx DETAILS
for details.
.It Fl e Ar key=val
When frobbing, erase all klunkats that contain the given key-value pair.
.It Fl h
Display help and exit.
.It Fl v
Be verbose.
Can be specified multiple times.
.El
.Sh DETAILS
As you all know, all furrzls need their hobknobbin frobbed with some
regularity.
.Nm
will perform all the steps involved in this laborsome process:
.Pp
First it shuffles the cruxors, generates the friesen-dot-list, then
druggles the shnuzendorb under the porcl.
.Pp
Brunzing of the strocl is optional, and only done if
.Nm
is passed the
.Fl b
flag.
The user may be asked to validate the new strocl before it actually is
brunzed.
.Sh EXAMPLES
The following examples illustrate common usage of this tool.
.Pp
To frob the hobknobbins of all furrzls starting with an 'a' and generating
output into the file
.Ar troysl :
.Bd -literal -offset indent
hfrob -a -d troysl
.Ed
.Sh EXIT STATUS
.Ex -std 
.Sh ENVIRONMENT
The following environment variables affect the execution of this tool:
.Bl -tag -width CHUCK_NORRIS
.It Ev CHUCK_NORRIS
The level at which to brunze the strocl.
If not given,
.Nm
will default to 3.
.El
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr ifrob 1 ,
.Xr long_strocl 3
.Sh HISTORY
.Nm
was originally written by
.An Jan Schaumann
.Aq jschauma@netmeister.org
in December 2007.
.Sh BUGS
Please file bugs and feature requests by emailing the author.
